hello my name is felix barth today
Deputy chef in the castle
Eckberg and today I show them the
channeled split off to ours
court that's right on the whole
let's just take one
nice big apple to share in the
In the middle, the segments will be rough
cut that we need in the end with it
that's right with one too
looks nice, we give it all
a very nice woman that watch that
even peel from just that on
Do not hang between your toes in the end
remains
so it looks but already quite good
The optimum would be of course if we were ourselves
a very big solid apple
also seek out a certain
principles does not end there
It gets so cute because we do it again
caramelize
if he becomes that you have to be beautiful
you're basically in the reason you have to ask
us that so gate on the stove
do a bit of sugar purely as a
feel for proportions of sugar
Caramelize a bit
it can take a bit of color
at the end wanted a nice easy
color had split off and then
some were so mixed
almost the caramel the apple and
have teetered nice and taste
stop only to take care that it does not now
too hot even at the breeding and burns
and the whole internet
I think now we have the point
reached where the whole a bit
can replace
which is almost in so far that was a
a bit easier to do and in the end though
The whole thing with a pinch of salt
Season
because that there should be no reader and
which is in the end a good thing because our
from